Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wow!
Good morning. Good morning and welcome to the Steve Jobs Theater. We’ve always believed that by giving people wonderful tools you enable them to do wonderful things.
At Apple, we put the customer at the center of everything that we do, with products and technologies that are designed in the service of humanity, innovations that enrich people’s lives to help them learn, create, work, play, share and stay healthy. Through the deep integration of hardware, software and services, these products empower people to do incredible things every day.
We have a huge morning plan for you with some truly big announcements. So I’m going to – yeah. So I’m going to dispense up my usual updates and get right into it beginning with the App Store.
We’re adding a whole new way to enjoy games on the App Store with Apple Arcade. We’ve joined forces with the world’s most innovative game developers to push the boundaries of what’s possible.
To tell you all about Apple Arcade, I’d like to invite Ann to the stage. Ann?
Thank you, Ann.
Apple Arcade is a gaming service unlike any other out there. We can’t wait to start playing when it launches later this month.
Next up, let’s talk about Apple TV+. Our mission for Apple TV+ is to bring you the best original stories from the most creative minds in television and film. Stories that help you find inspiration, that are grounded in emotion. Truly stories to believe in, stories with purpose.
This summer we released three trailers for a few of our premiere originals. Like For All Mankind, an innovative, re-imagination of the Space Race, and Dickinson, starring Hailee Steinfeld, a coming of age story about Emily Dickinson told in a completely modern way.
And The Morning Show with its Blockbuster cast starring Reese Witherspoon, Steve Carell, and Jennifer Aniston in her first TV series since Friends. The reaction to these trailers has been incredible. They’ve been viewed over 100 million times.
In fact, the trailer for The Morning Show is one of the most watched trailers for any new television show ever. This is incredible. And the new issue of Entertainment Weekly calls The Morning Show fall’s most anticipated series.
This morning, I want to share with you one of the most imaginative, thrilling, and thought-provoking dramas ever. See stars Jason Momoa, and it takes place hundreds of years into the future in a world without sight. We worked with blind and low vision cast, crew, and consultants who provided the detail, and the authenticity for how this world should be defined.
Today I am so excited to share with you the worldwide premiere trailer for SEE.
Centuries from now, almost all humans have lost the ability to see. Some say sight was taken from them by God to heal the earth. For the few who remain, vision is only a myth. But after so many years, the power of sight has returned.
What is it? Something is different. The children, they have the ability to see. My children, they have power that we would call magical or evil. We must protect them. For centuries we feared this day would come. The evil of light once almost destroyed the world and now it has returned. Find the children who can see and bring them to me. Now they will come for us. If we give the babies, they might leave us alone. No, I stand with both of us. These children are a gift. They will bring knowledge. They will begin a new world. We are family. We are one and we fight as one.  I have to keep you safe. The moment has come. It’s astonishing how the smallest moment can change an entire world.
I hope that you can — Thank you. I hope that you can get a sense of why I love that show and I think that you will too.
Now these are just a few of the exclusive originals from the exciting Apple TV+ lineup. With Apple TV+, you’ll get access to these and so many more. The best movies, comedies, dramas, and kid shows.
Now I know that some of you have been wondering when will Apple TV+ be available and how much will it cost? Well, today we’re excited to tell you that the first shows will be available on November 1 and will be — Thank you, and we’ll be adding more Apple originals every month. And Apple TV+ will be available in over 100 countries at launch. And it is just $4.99 per month for your whole family.
All — all of these incredible shows for the price of a single movie rental. This is crazy.
We are so excited about Apple TV+, that we wanted to do something really special. And so starting today when you buy an iPhone, an iPad, a Mac, or an Apple TV, you’ll get one year of Apple TV+ included for free. So we can’t wait for you to start watching Apple TV+ on November 1 in the Apple TV app across all of your screens. That’s Apple TV+.
Now let’s turn our attention to iPad. When we created iPad, we set out to design something truly unique. A product that you could take with you everywhere and that it’s so fun and so easy to use.
And now with hundreds and hundreds of millions of iPads out in the world, iPad is transforming the way we create, learn, work, and play. This has been a huge year for iPad. We’ve revamped our entire lineup starting with the new iPad Mini all the way up to the powerful iPad Pros.
And we’ve pushed what people could do with iPad further than ever before with the introduction of iPadOS. iPadOS is an advanced operating system with a new name to recognize the distinctive experience of iPad. Of course, iPadOS builds on the same foundation as iOS, but adds powerful new capabilities and intuitive features that are specific to the large display and versatility of the iPad.
iPad’s unique integration of hardware, software with over 1 million apps that are specifically designed to take advantage of the large canvas, provide an experience that you won’t find on any other device out there. We have never been more excited about the future of iPad.
And to tell you about the newest iPad, I’d like to invite Joz to the stage. Joz?
Thanks, Joz. This new iPad will enable so many more people to experience the power and versatility of iPad.
Now next up, let’s talk about Apple Watch. Apple Watch puts groundbreaking health, fitness, and communications capabilities onto the wrist of millions and millions of people. Today Apple Watch is everywhere. And it’s making a difference in so many ways all over the world.
We hear first-hand every day about the truly personal and profound impacts that the Apple Watch is having on people’s lives. So we made a video for you this morning to share just some of these stories with you.
Dear Mr. Cook, dear Apple, dear Time, to tcook@apple.com. Hey, how are you doing? Hi. Hey. Good morning. Nice to meet you. Okay. Hello. So the run began as usual. I was 32 weeks pregnant. Getting ready to go to bed. The next morning I’d have notifications on my watch and my phone saying your heart rate is elevated. I was like, huh. Huh that’s strange. I run my EKG and it says 220 beats. I’m like, something is not right. I told my husband, we need to go. He was like, I’m in the middle of cutting grass. I’m like, we need to go. And then suddenly I woke up to EMTs. Oh, this is my husband Kyle. Hey. He’s going out to cut the grass. When I fell, it automatically called 911 and then it calls my wife. When I think about what happened and what could have happened
Once we got to the hospital, they realized it was some sort of infection. My heart rate was spiking and it was causing the baby’s heart rate to get lower and lower. So emergency C section and then she was born. Had I not had surgery, it estimated that I would have had a heart attack within less than 12 months. I have goosebumps. I don’t know if you can see them through the camera. It’s crazy. It’s not something you think of your watch saving your life. Can you wave hi?
In the past, I didn’t prioritize taking care of myself. These are probably one of the largest pairs of pants I have. I’m standing in one of the legs of them. Now I’ve gained the ability to be active in ways that I never would have dreamed of all because the computer on my wrist told me it was time to fill the rings. Yeah, closing rings. It’s like this little reminder going okay, you can do a little better today. When I see the little rings of get your moves in today, sometimes I used to be like, mind your business Apple Watch. Then it’s like, you know what? I do need to get my move in. I like the idea of achievements that you get for every small things done. It just reminded me I should stand up by the way. [foreign language]
I’m the Blur. He’s the Blur. That’s his nickname is the Blur. Harrison is on the autism spectrum. He’s on the cross country and track teams here at the school. He was having some issues with anxiety and crowd noise. The sound of the cheering just throws me off. So I paired up my watch with my headphones and the music helps me focus. When he started running with the music playing, it was like seeing a different athlete. This moment of triumph, goosebumps, and tears, and it was cinematic.
Apple needs to know this happened. What you did in your brainstorming sessions, came to life and helped save mine. Dear Tim, dear Apple, dear Mr. Cook, I just had to tell my story. I will be forever grateful. I had no idea that one day it would save my life. What I want to say is thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, Sumbul. We’re really excited about the impact the Research App can have. It gives us, all of us, an amazing opportunity to participate in health research that could lead to innovations to improve our health and the health of future generations. So I hope that you check it out.
Since the beginning, innovation has been the core of the Apple Watch. Innovations that really matter to people, from the life changing to the potentially life savings, many of these technologies were barely imaginable just a few years ago. Apple Watch has become the most advanced and most loved smartwatch in the world.
And to tell you all about what’s next with the Apple Watch, I’d like to invite up Stan Ng. Stan?
Thank you, Stan. I’m really excited about this new Apple Watch lineup. And with all of the new amazing features Apple Watch is going to enable you to do even more than before. We created a fun video to demonstrate just this. And I’d love to play it for you now.
This watch tells time and takes phone calls. This watch tells time, and turns on lights, and opens up doors. This watch tells time and communicates with satellites 12,427 miles above the earth. Wakes you up, and gets you onto subways and plays every Elton John’s studio album.
Hey Siri, play Tumbleweed Connection, ever recorded. Play, Goodbye Yellow Brick Road. Play, Madman Across the Water.
This watch tells time and sets timers, and sets your pace, and warns you when it’s too loud. And text your friends, and opens portals. Kidding. And tracks your distance under water. And starts competitions and accepts challenges, and tracks your workouts, and tells you which direction you should be going. And reminds you to breathe. And has an app that measures the exact timing of the electrical waves traveling through the upper and lower chambers of your heart, otherwise known as an electrocardiogram. So in conclusion, just to reiterate, this watch tells time, among other things.
Thank you, Kaiann.
The new iPhone 11 is simply amazing. We designed it with our customers in mind, and it will impact their lives in meaningful ways every day.
But we didn’t stop there. For our customers that want the most sophisticated technology that really pushes the limits, we’ve created something truly special, and I’m thrilled to introduce it to you now.
Thank you. Yeah. This is the iPhone 11 Pro, and these are the most powerful and most advanced iPhones that we have ever built in a stunning new design. I’d like to invite Phil up to tell you all about them. Phil?
Thanks, Phil. With breakthrough technologies and advanced capabilities, the all new iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max are just beyond incredible. And of course, the best place to learn more about these and get your hands on them are in our amazing retail stores. And to tell you all about what’s going on at retail, I’d like to introduce you to Deidre O’Brien. Deidre?
Thank you. Thanks, Deirdre.
I am so proud of our retail team and the unique experience they deliver to our customers every day. They are amazing. And I’m especially thrilled that the iconic Fifth Avenue store is reopening. I hope to see all of you there on September 20.
What an exciting morning! I hope you guys have had as much fun as I have. Yes!
We shared the all new Apple Arcade, a game subscription service unlike any other coming to the App Store this month. And Apple TV+, with powerful and unique Apple Originals from today’s most creative storytellers, coming to the Apple TV app beginning November 1. And the new iPad, bringing a 10.2 inch retina display, support for Apple Pencil and smart keyboard, and the power of iPadOS to more people than ever before.
The new Apple Watch Series 5 with its always-on retina display, compass, new finishes, and the amazing new features of WatchOS 6. The new iPhone 11, with its new dual camera system, powerful A13 chip, beautiful new finishes, and incredible capabilities. And of course, the stunning new iPhone 11 Pro with its jam-packed with advanced technologies designed to enable people to do even more than before.
Our mission at Apple has always been to design products that empower people and enrich people’s lives. To put technologies in your hands, and to see all the wonderful things that you’ll do with them. We couldn’t be more proud of the products and services that we shared with you this morning.
For those of you here today with us, we’d like to invite you to experience them first, in the hands-on area upstairs. And I’d like to thank everyone at Apple for doing the best work of their lives in bringing these products and services to market. And I’d like to thank everyone, thank you. Thank you.
And I’d especially like to thank everyone that came out this morning and everyone that tuned in online to watch the keynote this morning. Thank you, and have a great day.

