Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I really love the incredible energy in that opening. It represents the way we feel about California. California has always been a place for people with big ambitions and big dreams, a place where people are fueled with optimism to make things better, to make things that can change the world. It is such an important part of who we are at Apple and inspires us in everything we create and do. We’re proud to call California our home. We have a lot to talk about today. Let’s get started with Apple TV+. Apple TV+ is a home to the world’s most creative storytellers and continues to expand with award-winning programming. Apple Original Series films and documentaries have now been honored with more than 130 wins and over 500 nominations in less than two years. We’re so proud this year that Apple TV+ has 35 Primetime Emmy nominations, including 20 for Ted Lasso, a record for the first season of a comedy series. And we’re just getting started. Let’s take a quick look at a few shows that are premiering this fall.
I can’t wait for all the new shows and movies coming to Apple TV+, including the second season of one of my favorites, The Morning Show, which starts this Friday. Next, we’re thrilled to share our newest product announcements, starting with iPad.
There’s no other device like iPad, and today it’s more popular and more essential than ever. And the reason it’s so popular is it’s amazing versatility. It can transform into whatever you need it to be. With advanced displays, users can literally touch their content unlike any other device. With powerful and efficient Apple design chips, iPad delivers breathtaking performance all day long.
And with fast conductivity, advanced cameras, and accessories, like the magic keyboard and Apple Pencil, iPad becomes even more versatile, extending what users can do on iPad and where they can do it. At the heart of it all is iPad iOS, delivering powerful features while maintaining the simplicity of a touch first experience. What makes iPad even more versatile are the over 1 million apps designed specifically for its large canvas. The iPad business has never been stronger. We’ve gone by over 40% this past year. We have a great lineup today with industry leading customer satisfaction, and it’s about to get even stronger. It starts with our most popular iPad, which delivers the full iPad experience at an incredibly affordable price. And today, it gets even better. This is the new iPad. And to tell you all about it, here’s Melody.
We’re excited that our most popular iPad is now so much better. And now let’s talk about iPad Mini, there’s simply no other device like iPad Mini. It gives users all the power of iPad in its most portable form, which makes it indispensable for a wide range of uses. Like when it’s secured to the leg of a pilot in flight or pulled from a doctor’s lab coat to care for patients in the ER. iPad Mini is in a class of its own. And today, we’re giving our littlest iPad it’s biggest upgrade ever. Introducing the all new iPad Mini.
With the even more capable new iPad and the phenomenal new iPad mini, our iPad lineup is the best it’s ever been. Next, let’s talk about Apple Watch. Apple Watch is an indispensable daily companion that keeps you connected to the people and things you care about most. It encourages you to be active and get more out of your workouts, and it monitors your health, helping you live a better day. I am so inspired by the impact we’ve had on people’s lives, and we continue to push the boundaries of what Apple Watch can do. To tell you about what’s next, here’s Jeff.
With Apple Watch Series 7, the most advanced SmartWatch ever, and the incredible new content and features in Apple Fitness+, we can’t wait to see the impact they’re sure to have on our users’ lives.
Now let’s talk about iPhone. iPhone has forever changed the world. Every single day people rely on iPhone, from their most demanding tasks to capturing the moments of their lives, streaming their favorite TV shows, playing their favorite games, staying up to date with the news of the world and connecting with friends and loved ones.
This is what drives us to create the best iPhone possible. To create an experience unlike any other, with legendary ease of use, beautiful and durable designs with water resistance and great battery life, with industry leading performance and the world’s most advanced camera systems, and with privacy built in. People love iPhone, and we keep making iPhone better, more powerful, more capable, and even more fun to use. Today, we are thrilled to introduce our next generation of iPhone. Here it is.
This is iPhone 13. To tell you more, here’s Kianne.
Thank you, Jaws. And thank you to all of today’s presenters. What a spectacular set of announcements. Our most popular iPad is now powered by the A13 Bionic, with a new 12 megapixel ultra wide front camera with Center Stage. This is a big upgrade. iPad mini gets a completely new, all screen design, with a brilliant liquid retina display, blazing fast performance with the new A15 Bionic chip, new cameras with Center Stage, and all new colors. This is the mightiest iPad mini yet.
The new Apple Watch Series 7 has our largest and most advanced display, optimize UI, new watch faces, and it’s our most durable ever. It’s the best smart watch in the world. An update to Apple Fitness Plus, adding Pilates and Guided Meditation, a new workout to get you ready for snow season, as well as group workouts to help keep you motivated.
And iPhone 13, with fantastic new technologies, including our most advanced dual camera system, with Cinematic mode, A15 Bionic, 5G, brighter Super Retina XDR display, and longer, all day battery life.
iPhone 13 Pro, with our most state-of-the-art technologies, for those who want the most out of their iPhone. With our biggest camera system advancement yet, including Cinematic mode and ProRes video, the Super Retina XDR display with ProMotion, A15 bionic with five core GPU, 5G, and industry leading durability.
These are the best iPhones we’ve ever created. Here at apple, the customer is at the center of everything we do. And we continue to innovate, designing the very best products and services to enrich people’s lives, and to empower them to do great things every day. Thank you for joining us. Stay safe, and take care.
